Child or childcare tip number one: gifts tip.
Only buy gifts for your kids twice per year.
The holidays and their birthdays.
And you're actually helping them by doing this, too,
as it doesn't cost much to spoil kids, as we know.
And if you do, or if we do - spoil them, that is
then we have small kids, we have small problems
but when we have big kids, we have big problems.
Childcare tip number two: lights off tip.
I can hear my dad saying "Chris, turn the light off!"
So make sure your kids turn their lights out
and buy LED lights if you can as well.
And I have to mention this, but we almost
actually had a fire in the house recently.
So if you get a chance...where did I put it?
I've got these cool devices here.
I want to show ya.
I bought these things.
And I put them in every single,
every room in the house basically.
They're not that expensive.
It's called Fire Gone.
And they're actually cheaper than this one
that I keep in my recording studio
because I have lights on and stuff.
So, these ones here, you can buy, like,
ten of them at the same time or whatever.
It's called Fire Gone, and the kids know how
to use this a lot easier because the bigger ones
these ones here - the kids don't really...
They might panic and like "How do I use this?"
But this they know what a trigger is, so anyway...
A little off-topic there, but I care.
I care, okay, great.
Alright, so childcare tip number
three: shopping with your kids.
Try not to bring your kids shopping with you.
Or if you do, teach them about why
certain products cost more than others.
Like generic mouthwash versus
mouthwash made by Crest or Scope.
And tell your kids to look at the ingredients as well.
Kind of like I have in this video here
at a drugstore called Walgreens here in the US.
I tell them to look at the ingredients
and always buy the cheaper products.
Okay, childcare tip number four:
teach your kids about money tip.
And teach them about how to have
more than one income source.
Okay, so we got to teach our kids when it comes to money
because when one teaches, two learn.
I find, like, even when I'm teaching you here, humbly,
I feel like I'm reminding myself of stuff
that I used to do a lot but I'm not doing
as much as I should from a saving perspective.
Okay, so when one teaches, two learn, so teach your kids.
And if we do this enough, then you become
a catalyst for you saving more and
you make them more independent as well.
And if you do this enough, then
before you purchase something your kids will say to you
"Hey, Dad" or "Hey, Mom...wait. Isn't this one cheaper?"
Or "Did you price shop online first, Dad?"
Or "Dad, do we really need that tip?"
Or "Dad, let's do the gardening together!"
which never happens.
"Let's do the gardening together!"
It's a family event instead of hiring someone.
It's great exercise, too.
I'm just amazed that we didn't learn about
personal money management like this in school.
I wish I did when I was younger.
And make your kids pay for and earn stuff as well.
And, you know, for example, my three sons
they wanted iPhones, and I wasn't going
to be one of those parents that buy an iPhone for my kids.
I want them to feel good about
earning every penny to buy that iPhone.
So what I did, actually, is I had them start a business.
I helped them out as well.
And what you can do is go to Alibaba's website
called Aliexpress [Dot] [Com], which is owned by Alibaba
and search for stuff that you wanna
import from China and then sell.
And it's dirt cheap, right?
And the shipping is almost next to nothing.
And I think it might be subsidized
by the Chinese government, the shipping,
which is why it's so cheap, but it takes
about thirty days for the stuff to arrive.
Let me give you an example.
So...
My kids and I, we imported several hundred of these things.
And these are just iPhone cases.
And what we would do is we would
sell these for ten bucks over eBay.
And what would happen is, whenever
they sold one it was so cool.
They got to print out the shipping.
And then the profit after all expenses
for the kids was five bucks, right?
So we had five dollar profit margin on this?
What they would do is whenever we sold one...
They would go to eBay, they would
print out the shipping label, stick the shipping label
on a little package we had, bubble-wrap package,
walk up to our driveway, put it in
the mailbox, turn the flag up, done.
And it was really cool, it was really cool.
And you know, these are...I think they're leather.
They smell and look like leather, at least.
It's amazing.
The markup is just off the charts on these things.
So anyway, it was a lot of fun to do.
And what we did was this...
After the kids sold an iPhone, what they would do is
they would go onto the fridge and there was
one page around the fridge for each of the kids.
My two older ones have iPhones, the youngest one doesn't.
But there's a page on the fridge for each kid.
And there was two hundred squares.
And what they would do is after they sold one,
they would go on the fridge, and they would
put an "x" in one of the squares until
they got enough to buy an iPhone.
So anyway, it's pretty cool.
It was a lot of fun as well.
And that profit margin was five bucks
for each case for the kids, they sold.
And then what you can do is...
Actually, I'll attach that spreadsheet I made for the kids
here and if you want you can try doing that as well.
And it made them feel independent from a young age.
Confidence about earning something, right?
It feels real good for them to earn something.
And so, just try doing this stuff with your kids.
Or do it on your own so you don't have
to rely on your idiot boss for money.
Just kidding about calling your boss an idiot.
Sort of.
Right, so...
So, search for "arbitrage opportunities" online
meaning buying low and selling high.
Okay, and my kids actually...
Let me show you one more example.
What we did, actually, is we realized
we arb'd these as well; it was really fun.
We went to Starbucks, and Starbucks
used to sell these things for, at least in America here,
for two bucks each, these plastic cups, right?
And we'd run these through the dishwasher a bunch of times.
But they're two bucks each.
No, they were one buck each, now they're two bucks each.
But when they were one dollar each,
we saw that on eBay you can sell them for two dollars each.
We'd buy them in bulk.
And we cleared out every store we could find
all over here in California and in Florida.
We went to visit my parents as well, right?
We raided them all, we bought a ton of them.
We sold a ton online.
Good for the environment as well.
And we got a hundred percent profit margin which is amazing.
Or a little bit less after all shipping expenses.
And it was great, and then Starbucks raised the price
from one buck to two buck, to two bucks, right?
Starbucks, yeah.
So, anyway, another idea.
But just go to Aliexpress [Dot] [Com]
and just look around for cool stuff you think you can sell.
I've imported a couple items, and tried to sell,
and failed miserably but I keep trying, right?
And you'll find something as well
where there's great demand for it where you live as well.
And it's good to get the kids involved
as well in this sort of thing, because, again:
when you have small kids, you have small problems;
when you have big kids, you have big problems
unless so raised them right, so I'm doing my best.
Okay, alright, sorry for rambling on that last one.
So child or childcare tip number five:
turn the water off tip.
I can hear my mom saying, "Chris, turn the water off!"
Have your kids set a timer, if you want,
on their iPhone or Alexa device or
whatever it might be when they take a shower
as water waste really becomes expensive.
And the same thing when they brush their teeth as well.
Have them turn the water off when they're brushing.
All this stuff adds up.